Police cars chasing a rogue sports car through a tunnel, ending in a fiery crash with sparks and debris flying.
Rocket launching from a spaceport, flames and smoke billowing, shaking the ground.
Grand finale of a fireworks show, multiple explosions lighting up the night sky, smoke trails lingering.
Surfer conquering a towering wave during a storm, water splashing and foam swirling in the air.
Basketball player making a game-winning dunk, the ball slamming through the hoop with the crowd erupting.
Fighter jet breaking the sound barrier, creating a visible sonic boom and cloud vapor.
Skier launching off a cliff in the backcountry, triggering a mini-avalanche of flying snow.
Race car crossing the finish line in a photo finish, tires screeching and smoking.
Bull rider getting thrown into the air, the bull snorting and kicking up a cloud of dust.
Demolition derby in full swing, cars smashing into each other, metal crunching and sparks flying.
Skydiver in free fall, pulling the ripcord last minute, fabric snapping and clouds rushing by.
Mountain biker soaring off a dirt ramp, back tire kicking up a spray of mud.
Lightning striking a lone tree in a field, bark exploding and embers glowing in the aftermath.
SWAT team breaching a door with explosives, wood splinters and smoke filling the air.
Skateboarder grinding down a stair rail, sparks flying from the metal.
Archer releasing an arrow, splitting an apple in half, apple pieces flying.
Snowboarder executing a 360 spin off a half-pipe, snowflakes scattering.
Hang glider diving through a canyon, birds scattering in the wind.
Motocross rider clearing a series of jumps, dirt clods flying from the tires.
Firefighters battling a blaze, water and embers mixing in a chaotic dance.
Cliff diver leaping off a high rock, water splashing up in a plume.
Boxer landing a knockout punch, sweat and saliva flying from the impact.
Helicopter making a daring mountain rescue, rotor wash kicking up snow and rocks.
Kayaker navigating whitewater rapids, water droplets suspended in the air.
Synchronized swimmers performing a flip, water bubbles swirling.
Hot air balloons colliding mid-air, flames shooting from the burners.
Fencer landing a decisive strike, blade clashing and sparks flying.
Roller coaster plummeting down its steepest drop, passengers screaming.
Windsurfer catching a gust, spray misting off the sail.
Rodeo clown dodging a charging bull, dust and straw flying.
Zip-liner zooming through a rainforest, leaves and branches snapping.
Monster truck crushing a line of cars, metal crunching and glass shattering.
Paraglider caught in a thermal updraft, leaves swirling below.
Ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall, ice chips flying from the pickaxe.
Gymnast sticking a perfect landing, chalk dust puffing from the mat.
Scuba diver encountering a shark, bubbles and sand stirred up.
BMX biker doing a backflip over a flaming ramp, fire and smoke trailing.
Trapeze artists making a mid-air catch, audience gasping.
Speedboat making a sharp turn, water rooster-tailing behind.
Paintball players in a heated match, paint splattering on impact.
Rock climber dislodging a boulder, rocks tumbling down.
Drone racing through an obstacle course, propellers slicing the air.
Sumo wrestlers colliding in the ring, sweat flying upon impact.
Bungee jumper taking the plunge, cord snapping taut.
Sled dogs racing across a frozen tundra, snow kicking up from the sled.
Kite surfer catching air, waves crashing below.
Rally car drifting around a tight corner, gravel spraying out.
BASE jumper leaping off a skyscraper, papers flying from windows.
Juggler tossing flaming torches, flames flickering.
Tightrope walker crossing between two skyscrapers, wind whipping the rope.